 the flick will be having auditions soon, ada and luke will EP talking about comments submitted regarding the state of PW we should make different karma speeches? josh LOVES the canned speeches! could we make more money if we were more sincere? use ur own discretion!!! buy sweatshirts! ezra got call from pw founders who will come to reinish in large numbers! down to do a panel if we are interested in that! can thom get a sweatshirt?! yes! alum wizards: jenny (stage management) and andrew evans (set design magic) have booked for commencement weekend–keep spreadsheet, if anyone wants to look at it, let devon know. we'll have at least 4 or 5 throughout the semester! board wizards–what do people wanna learn? prodcution handbook still in progress. bring back green book!!! #TODO marty update green book! exit surveys at the end of downspace shows about working at PW? EP's at the end of processes should have check-ins with cast and crew post-show. coffee with EP's–how did the board do working on this project? #TODO cameron and becca- check in with jason first, ask people during strike about checking in #TODO everyone, share survey and state of pw on facebook we shared one response and had a discussion about it–we are planning to have a meeting to extend this conversation. #TODO everyone–#TODO Jenn, post responses on googledoc–board members, put your name on it once you've read it in a couple months, when we have a few response–we can decide on actionable steps #TODO fletcher, schedule weekly meeting (odd week) and meeting to discuss responses tell interested friends: “we would love if you came into our meetings to discuss your ideas for PW” power/privilege/inclusivity/sexual assault/ SAPE training from SAO going well!! jamie, ask ziyi if she know where the rollers are!!! WE NEED THEM strike: andrew: taking down lights raphae: box office ( #TODO PIZZA) evan: chairs, plats, silver box liz: scaffolding ezra: chairs, plats, furniture becca: upspace, costume room, dr1 and dr2 josh: shop facilitating things devon: moving big pile of junk luke: set up scaffolding, float between electrics and taking down lights, douvre liesl: electrics and taking down lights ada: props room painting plan: two ladders, two people on each then people on ground going at high up as they can reach leave floor till last, possibly antigonick team can come in after strike and help cameron: shop fletcher: what job do you want? minutes/16feb14.txt · Last modified: 2016/02/22 16:47 by fbell"

  Poler Bears: dates for april 12th-14th, NITUS now wants 12th-14th, how many days of rehearsal are they looking for? have performance Tuesday, wednesday, thursday, would want to rehearse prior, three hours in the space; will have to coordinate with us to get into the space because they won't have keys; Ezra will be liason to Poler Bears #TODO Ezra send poler bears contact information for lights and sound in the upspace #TODO everyone fill out whentomeet!!! we need to meet her this week to talk about poler bears for the rest of time activities fair–wednesday from 6-9pm, we need to set up between 6:00-6:45pm–we should have at least two people there at all times #TODO cameron make excel so people can sign up for slots, everyone should go todos? in email–fletcher nice job bumping minutes before meeting #TODO becca, reach out to Keston for form for who is working where asap #TODO update website, fletcher will sit next to Ada #TODO everyone! if you're in PW, write about a room, spatial record exists, contribute to it IMMEDIATELY!!!!!! MARTY WILL SMITE YOU. wizards??? #TODO everyone, fill out the wizards survey fletcher sent not a lot of updates, stacie bought wood! was confused about set; settled on concept; Xiyi, talk to Josh about set–what the set looks like, what its made of. Tech schedule squared away, dry tech Friday, 5th, 6-12pm sunday wet tech 11am-11pm is it going to affected by bowie week? jason has okayed the schmooze at 11:30pm on Wednesday, February 10th February 12th, party? might have to change date to the 13th minutes/16jan31.txt · Last modified: 2016/02/02 15:13 by fbell"

 fletcher: we need to get rid of piano #TODO everyone keep filling out visions spreadsheet maria gift! jenn– visions spreadsheet, do we need to discuss certain big radical issues? put your name down if you want to discuss shop tra ining! new kiddos! meetings in the downspace are weird and fun MF asked if we could, at the end of workday, get some snacks, chill #TODO everyone send in workday jobs! trying to use up money, we can use money to work on, look in your rooms and look at the accoutrements to see if there are places we can invest money! can folks borrow costumes from the department? VISIONZ! RAD CAST will is GM–> has been told by joey that there might be a read-through, have to figure out early housing → reach out to older folk living off campus eps: raphae and ivanna, #TODO devon will help will with getting eaely housing #TODO raphae or devon help out will with GM advice #TODO devon send show packet to will #TODO board members recruit new designers!!!!! minutes/16may8.txt · Last modified: 2016/05/14 20:37 by fbell"

  soccer tonight at 8pm, team members give Becca $2 please #VISIONS How many songs does a show have to have to be a “musical” and thus required to be present at the interview? Directors should be able to choose who is in the room (Skylar) PW should be a group of friends who make theatre together (Skylar) Becca is running strike! strike starts at 10pm, Grant gets 10-15 minutes pre-strike plats will stay where they are (chairs go), strike happens, we un-spider plats and then move them let's put up 3c2c light plot as we strike Song lights we will give the director 23 key to MF directors, too (but with obvious caveats of don't be stupid) JOBS: Becca - run strike, Josh - supervising power tools, Simon - furniture, Marty - shop, Skylar - team duv, Evan - chairs and plats, Liz - things in the space and box office and pizza 

  Jenn is coordinating TWITS buddies plays due on the third send Celeste names of videographers and photographers are we going to start making wizards happen through productions? Marty has no business (no one heard him) get in touch with Emily to get involved with a new theatre festival! Wednesday, December 3 at 5pm in the Underground #VISIONS How do we handle applicants vs. participants re: upspace? HMs Friday 8pm: Celeste and Ben S. Saturday 6pm: Jenn and Liz Saturday 10pm: Keston and Josh Sunday 8pm: Ben C. and Becca Monday 8pm: Devon and Ada EventBrite and the list will be sent out plats tonight toast Friday 9:45 minutes/14nov30.txt · Last modified: 2014/12/06 17:52 by shenriques"

 directors for 3c2c, keep reaching out, morning mail outerspace stuff can BUGS use the shop for princess aida? would be around the time that urinetown is using it. Ada, reach out to stacy, josh, max and emma to get everyone in the loop #TODO let's keep not paying students who make posters, videos, etc. keep things equal!!! bull wants to use 4 4×4 plats. can they be kept in downspace during m/s rehearsals? evan is looking for love. help him #TODO marty: we need more rules for more baked goods. ALSO—SWEATSHIRT? MUGS?! people should submit designs sweatshirt with kestons face on it would be gud. strike tomorrow at 11:00pm Marty leading Jenn: BO Liz: scaffolding and lights Luke: help liz with scaffolding ada: props and set Evan: chairs and plats Becca: douvre and costumes Keston: douvre and furniture Josh: shop fletch: furniture? minutes/15sep27.txt · Last modified: 2016/01/25 16:43 by fbell"

  don't store things under the car seat in the box office Fletcher tried to do some joke thing with the amendment system of our constitution but it fell flat on its face, sorry Fletcher, seemed like a funny thing 

  freshman brunch what the what?! on a Saturday or Sunday before Wonderland shows? Ben read an article that said we should grill if we lose power in the storm mid-year activities fair is Wednesday 2/4 

 how to check to sign up for ADOCH–we're in the booklet, are we in activities fair? cameron, how do we make sure we're in it? do we do facilitated tours of pw; yes, luke will talk about adoch event as it draws closer SAPE-emailed, they are super busy now, interested in doing it next semester! andy wants to build in shop for little women, pianos? wants to make a frame out of ply wood and masonite, #TODO cameron tell him to get into contact with joshua; andy is not shop trained, can't build w/o supervision we told SOTG that they couldn't use the shop; marty: taiko will cancel on sunday, marty is primary contact, EP's also check in about specific needs–good to know that they can indeed practice upstairs unless it is an absolutely silent show PWAQ: newsletter gets sent to alumni, a quarterly, should be four times a year, doesn't make sense now, we should do bi-annnual! visions topic! #TODO jenn, let's plan tye-dye event! who is running proposal meeting? fletcher? ada? marty? the triad? laundry for shakespeare on green– laundry; should be between GM's and costume designers! for the show to decide, not us. if you want photo taken, stay after meeting and we will whip them out flick EP's send list of things we have to do at plats? ezra got phone call from viriginian, customink said they couldnt print the design, he's getting back to me. the flick: using haze, need haze juice, does it come from our money or theirs? it's like paint, they should reimburse us. can be ordered from hi-output or amazon, ada will respond to email, but not initiate stickers: #TODO raph customink are expensive, reaching out to now hear this folks updating show packet KEYS 4 NEW MEMS offer free admission to pwom may 8th, 9th, 10th? lotterying off upspace? #TODO ada check in with keston decision meeting saturday, april 30th! abby can't make it, neither can josh, liesl has late conflict #TODO abby check in with MF about, we should prioritize abby's conflict, complex process, #TODO jenn gonna recount money in BO, fletcher already people can reimburse for inish after pwom #TODO upfest, can we message upfest groups–follow up about coffee, and plug proposals and schmooze. #TODO jenn organize gift for maria, last year we did flowers and a card outerspace fest!?!?!?!? minutes/16april4.txt · Last modified: 2016/04/09 19:58 by fbell"

 LETS HANG OUT MORE, GET A SUSHI BOAT AND SWEATSHIRTS LETS MAKE OUR WEBSITE GOOD. CAN ANYONES FRIEND NAMED CHARLIE WORK ON THIS???? wet tech happened plats happening wednesday Tuesday 9.22.15 safety walkthrough posters sent to josh for approval, hanging them monday HMs Friday 8:00pm-Liz and Becca Saturday 8:00pm-Fletcher and Keston Sunday 2:00pm: Ben Sunday 8:00pm: Jenn and Marty Monday 8:00pm: —? minutes/15sep20.txt · Last modified: 2016/01/25 16:30 by fbell"

  Becca is hoppin on jobs! look at the wiki page for your rooms/jobs Kali Quinn wants to do a Sunday show while Cabaret is in the space it is Jenn's prerogative to give away or not soccer starts next week (Sundays between 6 and 9) let's open it up to the community should we make multiple teams? should publicity & outreach be an agenda item? let's promote pw generally, as a thing—chalk? SOTG has proposed merging our costume stocks sticky issue Winter at PW schmooze 10:30 on Sunday 10/5 Writing is Live wants/needs(?) a larger undergrad presence is this a way to use the potential funding from our benefactor? Skylar and Sam K-M are S&B people dealing with new work we should take submissions this semester #VISIONS nothing this week it's comin' up, let's publicize! Blue Room will hopefully be working for ticketing plats are Wednesday at 11pm Upspace painting during strike monitors! Fri 8pm: Keston, Fletcher Sat 6pm: Evan, Becca Sat 10pm: Skylar, Andrew Sun 8pm: Liz, Marty Mon 8pm: Austin, Ben minutes/14sep14.txt · Last modified: 2014/09/15 09:40 by shenriques"

  MF wants to change workday date 

  advertise the upspace lottery please! Keston is thinking about the freshman b®unch for next year FCG cast can come to prom for free Liz will not be at prom #VISIONS - plats Wednesday 4/9 @ 11pm painting Wednesday 4/2 @ 11pm they need a poster design minutes/15mar30.txt · Last modified: 2015/03/31 00:00 by shenriques"

 devon: jason vu emailed pw email, would want to start months before performance, propose for next semester marielle: before we do decision meeting, would love to have a breakdown, what new members is, will be in email that meeting runners will be sending out, first decision meeting, new mems don't vote, but can contribute as much as they want marielle: people prefer MF's interviews, PW interviews are too fast, formal, we get more proposals, MF, long, casual interview, interviews aren't as effective as they could be luke: don't summarize what people have said, MF contacted me about putting MF pix in hallway, we should do this as part of workday or renish job? we have better use for bodies during workday strike tuesday, 10:30pm, cameron will lead speakers can be left up fletch: plats, chairs, booths liz: paint, we need black paint, put it in miranda's PO we need paint–can andrew, josh becca: duv, costume room, upspace, dr1, dr2 ivanna: in space ada: props, help with things ezra:furniture evan: chairs and plats brianna: dressing rooms and upspace devon: chairs, plats, paint abby: paint marielle: learn duv, chairs, plats, paint luke: electrics, scaffolding jenn: BO and swittching with brianna marty: shop josh: paint room andrew: shop, #TODO shop people clean sawdust, tis a fire hazard raphae: upstairs, whateva she wants #TODO abby FIND A PASSOVER OPTION!!!! that is not pizza minutes/16april25.txt · Last modified: 2016/05/03 14:15 by fbell"

  we can't do February fundraising, might happen in the summer we need three more softball players Skylar might be down Austin wants to play indoor soccer let's talk new mems! schmooze March 4th apps due March 11th decision meeting March 15th S&B decision meeting is also FCG dry tech can start tech after meeting, or break it into chunks Nika can rehearse WHENEVER THA FUCK SHE WANTS! upspace dimmers aren't labeled because they're fluid Dylan can put BA costumes in DR2 workday—offering MF May 10-12 #VISIONS - negotiated Quitters rehearsal vs. BA perfs BA will get Downspace light board on Tuesday we have not heard from CAC yet 

 minutes/16mar13.txt · Last modified: 2016/03/22 12:44 by rmillstein"

  pw has a Vine (@brownpw) https://vine.co/u/942318667826397184 someone will have to take over Marty's jobs (website, piano man) when he goes abroad MF is doing plats on Tuesday and they have a schmooze in the Upspace on Wednesday Celeste is the PW plats representative Marty and Celeste are crashing schmooze and applying to MF Becca will not be at Cabaret strike; she will show someone how to take the [ragtag] set apart #VISIONS nothing this week we gave them the jackets! awwwww minutes/14nov02.txt · Last modified: 2014/11/02 12:07 by shenriques"

 corey, brendan and will trying to start a greek organization thingy, support public and student art, provide forum for artists of all kinds to get together-what would they be looking for from PW? a liason from the board, base partnership, operating as an unrecognized organization, be a group to reach out to, extra hands, extra funding, they want support, promotion, help cultivate projects, gives resources for things to get them done; need to set a date for proposals. meeting is set for saturday april 30th as of now. wednesday april 20th is 1.5 weeks before that. what if we pushed to the 22nd because spring weekend is the weekend before? still gives us 8 days do we want to actively encourage playwrights of other identities? maybe it's something that happens when we meet with our buddies? are we uncomfortable asking people to direct a show that they aren't as passionate about. let's be up front about it and really encourage people to propose. when doing state of pw, we had pretty pointed ideas. open statement of intent may attract people who wouldn't propose otherwise. need to phrase it as actively seeking proposals from previously/historically under-represented groups. talking with buddies to be sure they acknowledge where this fits in terms of their identity and the show that they are working on/wanting to bring to pw. don't want people putting time into proposals that are “unpassable” from the get-go. have section in the fb event, as well as maybe on other publicity? we need to define what actively seeking looks like. send emails to relevant resources. listservs! easy to access by emailing the dept. contact. what about plays that aren't explicitly designated by race/casting. if we say we want plays that deal w/ issues of race maybe we won't get plays that have that openness. playwrights/proposers of identities that have been historically not present in pw. have to be sensitive from the start. continuing in visions. in no world will everyone be happy, but taking active steps to tell these stories and show the community we are looking for them is better than nothing at all. celeste wants a tank top. kathy wants her wire body. it was in props and then it got thrown away… if you want things you need to get them at strike for that show. form a committee on new new mems planning/reforming questions: #TODO ada, cameron renish: andrew and luke. marty sending email to them. mia rollins left some clothing items at twits. can someone let her in this week? luke will try to take care of this tuesday! liz thinks we should have a picnic in india point park for all! buy some snacks. AND liz thinks we should buy a picnic table for outside. raphae agrees. jonathan adam wants to know about wits strike: like twits. moving chairs from ada's house to PW at 12:30pm, would love help, the more help, the better upfest conflicted pretty heavily with upfest; give credit for how compromising sam has been with upfest minutes/16mar20.txt · Last modified: 2016/04/03 17:51 by fbell"

  soccer is fun it actually feels really good we need to update calendar people should come to meetings Song wants the scaffolding down at plats Paige is taking a leave we will also take the chairs down at plats we don't have to be STRESSED OUT all the time!!! SOTG is paying for the duv #VISIONS none would be nice to have more keys was annoying to paint the floor black HOUSE MANAGERS: Friday 8pm: Becca, Fletcher Saturday 6pm: Keston, maybe Paige Saturday 10pm: Simon, Liz Sunday 8pm: Ben, Celeste Monday 8pm: Marty plats are Wednesday 11pm talkin bout board support we should help shows as much as we are able—difference between what we cannot do and what we don't want to do butttt help shouldn't be expected. shows should be self-sufficient and any help we can provide is extra what is a tactful way of saying “this is what we don't do”? don't want to be too negative board helping shows used to be common. As we've expanded our goals outside of our seven downspace shows, we've reduced our ability to help (which has in turn affected the types of shows we pick, which has in turn affected the type of shows that get proposed) !!!designer handbook [or succinct page] would be very helpful!!! 

  

 MF meeting: we are PW guests, but we will make it clear that it is their meeting, discussion about how we want to move forward listen to their grievances in alumni commons some of us really love this tradition (insult exchangin') but we can we continue it? are there boundaries we can create? if they want to make ground rules; we should just talk about going forward, not about what happened; we keep opening fire exit doors, just keep them closed keep mattresses in DR2 #TODO everyone who is not party trained, party train urself #TODO becca get list from activities fair from devon and raphae and put becca sr. on the list! ALUMNI BOARD WIZARDS: sam kuznetz wants to do board wizards andrew and jenny could do board wizards during senior week #TODO devon you will coordinate alumni wizards PW members order sweatshirts Ada and Ezra writing SOTPW, will send out tonight to board– #TODO everyone email their feedback in COMPUTER IS FIXED-ish calendar: found great calendar details; Ulysses has been returned after activities fair sleepover PWAQ???? we all need a reminder that we can't leave meetings early or come late! a nice friendly reminder. let's talk about leavetaking!! wet-teching today plats on tuesday @ 11 we have showtimes! jamie needs a partner for eventbryte; #TODO raphae tech schedule so we know when runs are happening HM speech: in the lobby, audience outside–> we have to figure this out/ speak with jason to figure out how we can do this in an orderly way #TODO josh schedule safety walk-through white paint on lobby floors needs to get cleaned HM's: friday 8pm: fletcher and marty saturday 8pm: devon and liesl sunday 2: ezra and jenn sunday 8: becca and luke monday 8: cameron and evan minutes/16feb7.txt · Last modified: 2016/02/12 19:37 by fbell"

 MF cool with saturday the 14th, 9am-5pm, for workday #TODO if you have workday conflicts, get in touch with luke and ada, will send out schedule visions– thursday, may 12th, 9am-2pm renish: moving it to 3pm-5pm, anna stacy is doing a 6pm show #TODO andrew shoptrain these little eager cuties!!!!! when-to-meet #TODO jenn will get card and flowers, bringing it to next meeting remember outerspace! and rmemeber to meet with buddies MF needs to pay $264 for paint- #TODO devon let them know, also they owe us tw paint trays, and one or two rollers retroactive rose [ivanna]- shuttle driver gonna come 2 pw 2 c black comedy wish there was a vending machine in TF Green minutes/16may5.txt · Last modified: 2016/05/07 22:34 by fbell"

 adoch event on wednesday at 4:00pm, meet luke on faunce steps, take children, give them tour, say bye or lead them to the fair brianna sent awesome link, read it, important to acknowledge this stuff, i'm more than happy to talk to people about stuff #TODO becca send minutes from last week cheno would like to have something in space at 11pm, saturday night, seniors would probably not be able to help/attend– who would set up lights? everyone who can stay through commencement should. …with the understanding that people will be working for room and board josh happy to take care of lights and sound, cheno great organizer, as long as she's going to advertise. taps cabaret can be a lil exclusivo, thing could be a nice alternative let's do it!!!!! as long as it doesn't conflict with black comedy. we usually have campus dance after party, bring in POPCORN!!! AND ALUMNI! ivanna: feel like im still trying to learn lingo, still trying to figure out where i can contribute, i would love to talk to more people about what– general invitation to get coffee!! much of this will be taken care of once you take on jobs and responsibilities, sit back and soak up everything, shadow board members, new mems, look at website for jobs #TODO marty will update jobs luke: #TODO haven't scheduled workday, wants to put it together, ada would love to run it with luke schedule jobs-bobs + visions, #TODO everyone come with finals schedules next week so we can schedule all of our end of the year junk #TODO devon email MF for conflicts for workday, who from MF wants to co-lead workday? roller-derby with MF??? doing wet tech now duv on tuesday, plats on wednesday wizards on the 23rd, carousel was planning to use upspace for dressing room saturday there is a show at 2:00pm, so wizards in the upspace at noon wouldn't work #TODO, devon will book a room on 25live safety was scheduled through MF, tomorrow 4/18 at 1:00pm, josh looked at it, a few egress problems but we shall see! #TODO luke will help with plats on tuesday jonathan will email us about ticket reservations minutes/16april18.txt · Last modified: 2016/04/21 14:02 by fbell"

  renish! it should happen Miranda gave us some gels! thanks, Miranda! Capture the Mammoth Tuesday morning of señor week? tell EVERYONE to play for pw! Celeste “Keston Jr.” Cahn will try to do banquet stuff this week at least invite them to Outerspace and Capture the Mammoth Ada is willing to help 

  Writers' Fortnight update: since there are so many full length plays happening, maybe the original 'three plays in rep' plan is not ideal SKYLAR why would you not respond to our email thread saying this this is not what we decided to spend two weeks but also it's the two weeks before spring break, so not totally two weeks? ultimately the goal is still the original plan of full productions in rep gonna try to do another brunch this semester to snatch up late bloomers! what if we turned one meeting per month into a more involved brunch so we can hang out? Ada sent out condensed proposal questions 1. everyone needs to be chill with these 2. we need to decide how to phrase the pitch and the pre-questions meeting after the meeting on Sunday we can still have parties upspace visions committee gonna meet 

  we are going to try to get money for hard hats 

  BOP wants to borrow a sound board they can't proposals will probably be due April 27th let's advertise earlier considering the Marty Model 

  

  Fletcher can apply to New Works for his final project Baby Beluga was Raphae's favorite song when she was five we're figuring out summer stuff we're not offering any employees until the salary is raised Luke is taking one of the jobs other job might get split up Devon and Liz are around but not free during the day Simon is never in the present moment Becca B. will finish PWAQ don't go in the sound pile (Becca B. is having sex in there!) (or just doing her legacy) 

  Badmaash: needs to borrow two bamboo sticks, bow and arrow, and spears from the props closet for show in february; need to get in touch with kathy #TODO Andrew or Fletcher Does Badmaash want to perform in the upspace? email them #TODO upspace squad we have the rights to flick and black comedy! request for sam: announce the flick–> sam can speak about it freely! #TODO evan do silver box luke will release designer handbook!!! luke will fix box office computer–>gonna wipe the hard drive but will save important documents devon put up pictures from a long time ago–> EP's should put up pictures? collecting the pictures is always a difficult job–> EP's should get the photos; luke: updating past shows page, almost done, need marat/sade and 11/a program #TODO becca and cameron go over show packet with jason marty and raphae are almost done writing pwaq upspace archive crew (U.CRU) : marty, luke, ezra, fletcher figured out how to put minutes on website; writing minutes directly on website–> send out after private board wizards? when? #TODO marty register event, valentine's day party?!?!?! register event? LINCOLN IN LOVE! JOHN WILKES KISSING BOOTH. NEW JOB: official sitter-nexter-to, someone who sits and waits next to person who updates the website!!!! AND smooches them. #TODO S & B also everyone, find out S & B meeting swap-in–> go to meetings fridge unplugged in BO–> filled with water yum yum, andrew cleaning tomorrow #TODO evan, get ur fridge and microwave out of DR2 plzzzz #TODO raphae trying to figure out which chalkboard calendar we should get for the door joie wants to meet with three to five of us next week to talk about – #TODO Everyone fill out when-to-meet for meeting with joie as much as you can–> #TODO ezra bump the email–> going to be after next sundays meeting liz coming back to board WAHOOOOO!!!! #TODO evan jason asked if we can change silver boX “antigonick by sophocles translated by anne carson” PUBLICITY: tallgrass gothic, audition and TD see antigonick! wizards coming soon, link website do we want to put the sweatshirt in the email? twits–> let's make it part of our season announcement welcome back marielle's upspace show Applying for grants: painting project to be part of the set; we needed white paint but we have four gallons of paint in the paint room–so now waiting on the grant! Production Meeting: designers, no budget concerns to team–>please lock doors; downspace, furniture room; josh: need to talk to gm, wants a sketch of the set #TODO, cameron and becca come to rehearsal; email jason #TODO cameron and becca reach out to jason to see if we can use the upspace for the schmooze during rehearsals– schmooze would be february 10th minutes/16jan25.txt · Last modified: 2016/01/29 17:46 by fbell"

  Ada made a spring weekend tank design she will pick a design or let us vote Ada is willing to set up shop outside the Ratty to sell them Ben C. will get a PO for spike/glow tape and lend his car or go get it 

  Stand Up Against Sexual Assault wants to have Consent Party (alcohol-free) in the upspace can they just ask whoever gets that week to host them? encouraging people to circumvent the lottery system seems counterproductive the upspace is not just a room you can reserve, it's for artistic purposes can't they just reserve a room since they're a student group? could coordinate with For Colored Girls and do it the next weekend if they're both interested? 

  soccer tonight! bring your Brown ID! if we have too few people, we forfeit… 

 MF: marina and naiyah, brown theatre collective, helps board collaborate and communicate better–>website based off group at yale 'drama coalition', has all theatre opportunities, directory, guides, showpackets, proposals; a group less focused on production and more focused on getting everything done! patti and kym are doing workshop over the summer–would love access to PW–can they use the space? yes! do we charge rent from theatre bridge? paid pw as a group to use our space. let's find out how much theatre bridge paid us so that we can get the same from the department. josh is hired!!!!!!! evan met with cherise and joie–> NITUS, not having DPS guards, down with it need to be very careful with the phone check, last year someones phone got stolen/lost–do an actual phone check with a tag/number! if we take it into a locked space it becomes our responsibility archives, we need pictures for website–> #TODO luke has pictures from crimes, 11a (evan wants to edit them), marat/sade, antigonick (#TODO evan send pictures to marty) #TODO evan, luke, marty get pictures on website, facebook #TODO evan reach out to jason to see if he cares which pictures are on website #TODO luke– fill in cast and crew info andrew evans sent marty confetti canon, marty will have a testing session gender neutral bathrooms downstairs! pilot it with temporary signs. let's do it this week/weekend. #TODO tallgrass EP's let the team know #TODO luke will make pretty signs #TODO luke reach out to charlotte for designer handbook BTC– make handbook on their website and pw website–still pw oriented but still has useful things for everyone as board members, when we talk about the board, remember to be conscious of what you're saying because you are a representative of the board! going well!! no weird front of house stuff–regular ol' HM speech in the space safety inspection tomorow, monday at 4:45pm plats tuesday night will have a content warning-fog, haze, strobe, violent themes, gunshot/thunder there will be runs all week if board members want to go #TODO devon send the board the schedule of runs HM's: friday 8:00pm: luke and josh saturday 6:00pm: becca and evan saturday 9:00pm: liesl and jenn sunday 8:00pm: raphae and ada monday 8:00pm: devon and liz jonathan will do eventbryte on wednesday minutes/16mar6.txt · Last modified: 2016/03/10 20:56 by fbell"

 eps for 11 apoc: becca jenn working on leave taking form. #TODO ada: digital pictures of spring season? send them to ada for website keep trinity stuff on facebook emily: co-hosting event at beginning of october w/ SOTG? will be in touch with marty becca put links to jobs on email #TODO HATERS HATIN' ON PW MEETINGS. FUCK 'EM. Sound designer, Ginger, needs help hanging speakers-waiting for Jamie to tell us when she wants to do so. Fletcher will help. looking for cot/trundle bed. does anyone have one? #TODO anyone want to poster run tonight? plats will happen next week, likely wednesday. full run on this tuesday, everyone invited at 7:30pm. minutes/15sep13.txt · Last modified: 2016/01/25 15:48 by fbell"

 grants system HARVARDDDD!!!! got a fucking grant to go visit another school's student-run theatre organization—they want advice from us about how to co-exist with/without theatre department #TODO cameron figure out scheduling with harvard friends #TODO devon meeting with alumnus to talk about doing alum, becca go with devon to talk to this cool laday margaret mauer sent cool race and power workshop idea–more info forthcoming #TODO luke- loaning fog machine to impulse, will be used in alumni hall, luke will tell them that we are not liable and show them how to use it luke set up system so that you can hear upspace while you are in the upspace booth!!!!! THANK YOU LUKE!!! luke figured out how to fix space monitor in dr2!!?!?!?!? amazing! #TODO evan get in touch w/ NITUS people in touch with joie steele ada going to start moving library stuff into hallway benches!!! liz, start brainstorming ways about how to make this first event for new board members the craziest one ever!!! #TODO raphae should teach eventbryte–MAKE GUIDE for eventbryte. #TODO everyone, jenn made feedback form, respond to it and put your name next to the ones you've reviewed going well!! had tech this weekend–still finishing up painting tix on sale wednesday nite–#TODO raphae help with eventbryte #TODO raphae teach board about eventbryte got money for new works grant!!! need a menu!!! steal it from a chain!!! EPs should be thinking about taiko!!!! reach out to them and make sure they are not having rehearsals during performances. we ask the show folks to reach out to taiko. #TODO board come to design runs all this week at 9pm #TODO board plats tomorrow at 11pm #TODO fletcher send email reminding about plats HM's: friday 8pm: devon and luke saturday 8pm: ada and jenn sunday 2pm: raphae and liz sunday 7pm: becca and marty monday 8pm: fletcher and andrew #TODO BOARD, CHAMPAGNE AT 9:00PM ON FRIDAY!!!! minutes/16feb23.txt · Last modified: 2016/02/27 18:15 by fbell"

  summer job is expanding to all day Skylar is working on getting more money for whoever does it Luke and Andrew are down to plan renish, Becca B. will help mentor 

 andrew: could someone put guard on table saw jenn will bring advertising info to meeting next #TODO fletcher put alum wizards on agenda how can we make students donate to karma? say where karma actually goes! say something specifically to students? we make it seem insignificant sometimes–>we're trying to pull a bernie and crowd-fund dis shit #TODO board members, check in with furniture, ezra, if they want to modify furniture anything you can do to furniture, with the exception of chopping in half, you can undo. people should be able to alter furniture, but they should ask before. #TODO MARTY AND RAPHAE WRITE THE PWAQ opened this weekend!! it's amazing! l buzzing noise in the oopspace is perpetual. it kinda works aesthetically. will taiko be drumming during tonight's performance? marty has reached out. lights can be left in the space! #TODO luke talk to matt to clarify strike: luke: lights and cable liesl: paint and lights marty: lead ezra: will be late, furniture evan: will be at rehearsal until 11, paint raphae: paint becca: costumes and clean all the upspace stuff fletcher: booths ada: props #TODO signatories, get receipts from Jake for reimbursements Strike: monday @ 9:30pm minutes/16feb28.txt · Last modified: 2016/03/06 00:35 by fbell"

  soccer is at 8 on Sunday introduce yourselves to people at 3c2c strike #VISIONS nothing this week except for talking about when to do visions or minivisions timing was weird: lights were down and rooms were clean but set was still coming down not enough screw guns we usually get xtra-large pizza treating strike as a teaching opportunity (giving inexperienced people screw guns) uses up everyone's time—not necessarily fair to the people who aren't learning and still have to stay until the end if people want to learn, there are lots of other chances to learn also, poorly-built sets (stripped screws) make strike less productive it's a matter of balance: let's say 2/3 experienced screw gunners, 1/3 new folks board does not drink during strike minutes/14oct25.txt · Last modified: 2014/10/25 18:44 by shenriques"

  board brunch on the long weekend, freshman brunch, pwaq Austin?, new Instagram called production.workshop, pw softball let’s get it going, make lobby have more painted things box office and upspace, #TODO everyone send Austin your choices about workday during finals, Devon bought Austin crackers because they are Austin brand #VISIONS we are BLIND and have NO VISIONS HMs for today figured out purpose of HMs we provide them, so it does not matter what they want us to do if you see the show, see the show not being an HM strike this already happened so I'm not going to copy these notes minutes/15feb08.txt · Last modified: 2015/02/14 12:00 by shenriques"

  MONSHTAH BALL it will happen, we are within our usual timeline it will be Friday 10/31 soccer tonight at 7pm; be on time! have your ID! 

  end-of-year reception/banquet to unite all the casts/crews WITH AWARDS. DEFINITELY WITH AWARDS. 

  THE PIANO DEAL: Austin has an email address for a guy in the music department in charge of acquisition we don't actually own the piano Upspace shows do use the piano (come see Thank You Sorry next week!) the piano is the only thing we really have that supports musicians coming soon: Upspace lottery! coming soon: PW library! Becca will fix up SM kit if Josh wants to change the physical box he can softball starts soon it's International Women's Day Austin and Devon are lonely on their soccer team #VISIONS - it's going great, apparently strike starts at 9:30 board will get here at 9:15, set up one scaffolding inside fence box, one scaffolding behind risers 

  events reminder from Ben C. Wednesday 12/10 visions 5pm (@ 52 John St.) Saturday 12/13 jobs 6pm Saturday 12/13 christmas party 9pm Monday 12/15 workday 10am someone wants to use the upspace for a GISP presentation Gabe is using the upspace at that time but we can give them the downspace? Marty is taking care of it secret santa rules $5 or chocolate or stolen or handmade Ada is no longer HMing tomorrow 

  Austin wants to do an inventory of keys 

  Jenn is coordinating TWITS buddies plays due on the third send Celeste names of videographers and photographers are we going to start making wizards happen through productions? Marty has no business (no one heard him) get in touch with Emily to get involved with a new theatre festival! Wednesday, December 3 at 5pm in the Underground #VISIONS nothing real it's b'zangin'! some confusion about props but we're figuring it out looking for ASM—names were given minutes/14nov23.txt · Last modified: 2014/11/23 12:09 by shenriques"

  Reregistered PW as a group, needs us to sign SAO forms Drafting a letter to TPOC o We’ll read it this week. o It’s weird and possibly problematic but we have to do something. Liz feels weird about press stuff that got us all wrong, and distanced us from Nudity We should all fill out the visions spreadsheet. Let’s set a visions date SOON. o 

  lightboard is broken, how do we feel about spending 200$ on fixing it? we need more details in order to decide 

  

  Keston is listed on the wiki as doing the upspace now Liz is happy that this is the time of year that is “the festival of pw” a bird in the butt is worth two in the bush Dylan is going to do a talkback, probably Wednesday or Thursday Becca wrote the PWAQ, Austin will make it look nice #VISIONS - programs and posters are happening plats happened last night Eventbrite is good to go probably reserves should be under the name of the person picking up the tickets safety inspection on Tuesday HMs Tuesday 7pm: Liz, Wednesday 7pm: Fletcher, Liz Thursday 2pm: Luke, Fletcher Thursday 7pm: Luke, Friday 5pm: Liz, Luke Crimes of the Heart will know to come to strike strike jobs: Fletcher - plats and furniture, Jenn - box office, Liz - run strike!, Luke - electrics, Paige - in the space, Devon - plats and props minutes/15may17.txt · Last modified: 2015/05/17 11:43 by shenriques"

  Alex: Becca is here! Wizards: Lizzy didn’t happen but it still could Could we have Lizzy do it next week? Corina could do a costumes Wizards? Liz: If there’s a props list for 3C2C can you send it to Liz? New Mems: is it time yet? We are feeling like visions on our own right now Let’s schedule visions 

  Liz will be the other shop person Paint room needs to be clean and clear, it’s important to stress that everything needs to be cleaned theatrebridge: went well, fun in the space, lights were hung and Itunes was used brilliantly archives date will happen, Jenny and Thom server: the hardware is approximately 10 years old and doesn’t work anymore Austin will build a new server, buying new parts after activities fair: collect freshman emails and send ‘welcome’ email let’s trim the dropbox and a dropbox will be built into server. maybe spotlight to MF? Doesn’t make sense to keep it really someone should go to Erik Ehn’s ice cream social thing #TODOS: 

  emma we need to create a space for the director to debrief with cast/crew chris benches are great to have in lobby but can't be left there overnight HMs can bring them into downspace between shows lots of leaves in lobby, watch out for drain clogging alex we need to talk about april slot and spring weekend updates on the website in lieu of weekly email till mailman is up evan can we have a tuesday show? if there is no sunday matinee 

  waiting for godot wants to do auditions the week of reading period this means they would not have a cast by strike work day will be Thursday, December 12th can we email emails and should we? yes and yes 

  chris paint person to take over for chris: Liz 

  chris called facilities and outlets in downspace are fixed and outlet for saw works now chris flirted with a facilities woman, we have a good relationship 

  

  jobs bbq hamburger fridge. 

  hanging rehearsal lights can be a learning opportunity for ALDs it can be at the discretion of the show but it does need to get done 

  Skylar will send out email about Writers’ Week to set up meeting applying for new works for WW Will it be possible to try to have the meeting/conversation about board commitment? can it be after next Sunday’s meeting? 

  there is still a carpet from hair, emily kassie's, needs to be picked up got a call from barbizon, unclear when it can get here if it can't get here in time for Godot, Andrew get in touch w ben we should use Eventbrite for Godot tickets because Blueroom is down upspace sound and light boards both work we need to be better at light board etiquette - no food and drink on the tech table, cable always taped down MINUTES: Ursula process on track hands for lights will be helpful minutes/14jan25.txt · Last modified: 2014/01/25 11:54 by uraasted"

  we should change rehearsal lights, can happen during strike? new mems meeting will be on Sunday, March 16th we can’t upload photos right now to website 

  [intimate] apparel team will meet pwom will be registered and will happen conor will apply for liquor license jenny and conor will meet and do twits show packet sotg wants to borrow furniture and duv(?) this is ok, but days between has some, and medea has first dibs we need to be sure that we comply with all safety regulations. seriously 

  next meeting will most likely be saturday at 11am 

  we should maybe reconsider if established groups with budgets, etc. should be able to apply for upspace weeks especially since they are able to apply for Sunday shows should there be an enforcing mechanism for strike in the upspace? strike monitor having someone there who knows what needs to happen we might have to move the website www.pw.pw? no writers’ week push for submissions but also make sure people follow through Minutes: Ursula we will move a lot of sand into the downspace HMs F8: Marty (?) Sa6: Evan, Thom Sa10: Ben Su8: Alex Mo8: Austin if you want reserves email marty to get them someone needs to help austin spider the plats, won’t take long maybe during the schmooze minutes/14mar02.txt · Last modified: 2014/03/02 13:34 by uraasted"

  we’re going to start collecting donations at the end of shows and will deposit to the SAO we are allowed to start doing donations in order to get your name on back of chairs how much? 97 dollars? we’ll figure it out pwaq soon! liz and celeste will write, evan will format include chairs and apparel re: new performance arts space downtown may be a longer discussion but there is a meeting tomorrow first meeting is tomorrow at 5pm, conor and skylar are going before tomorrow we should compile a list of things to bring in marty is making a google doc for this refreshing keys policy: each show gets 3 keys, they can distribute as they want we should start putting outerspace on the agenda so we can publicize probably skylar, talk to 

  

  

  piano: Joel is coming by to tune the piano Monday afternoon celeste will be doing 'freshman office hours' 

  can we take a new board photo with the new mems in it? yes. exit interviews with directors? could undertaker/postmortem be combined with an interview? visions conversation we should finish workday still a lot of things that need to happen 

  jobs bbq will be Sunday may 5th at 5pm 

  when will we do jobs bobs? 

  let us think about GroupMe? is email enough? Vibrator play EPs should be chosen after push El Sueno on facebook for realz budget for events should maybe be reconsidered, maybe have a budget person for each event early fall we should have a money visions meeting visions conversation about what constitutes ‘full length’ let us have an early visions meeting next year we are gonna have to win mammoth this year spring weekend is now in conflict with a show weekend and we need to redo the calendar 

  Marty can't update the website so it will be unupdated for a little while do a once-over of your room and get them stocked for the beginning of the year should the website say how much money is left in grants? no. but we should advertise grants more (esp. new works) MINUTES: Simon great design run on Wednesday, another design run tonight can we move the wood? yes. it will be gone by Tuesday minutes/14may11.txt · Last modified: 2014/05/11 11:34 by shenriques"

  madmed will be 6 positions 3c2c posters = pw fundraising: think about it it is our job to keep rooms clean, after strike and in general the furniture room has been cleaned a lot of times, we need to take better care of it and keep it organized reorganizing during workday? throwing away things during workday? 

  'bagels' left doors open a number of times, both propped upspace and electrics maybe we include in the contract that the person signing is responsible for anything that happens while the space is theirs also we could forward/send to the people involved this will be further established by the upspace EPs Lots of things to push on facebook this week - everybody make statuses! if anyone ever wants to do tech stuff, paige will always be around 

  becca made the calendar, will run it with Jessie finals are earlier this fall we should schedule fall at pw decision meeting it will be May 4th (may the fourth be with you) 
